Were you successful? Let's add it together. I'll add a new html file in views and I'll name it
404.html
but the name is totally up to you,
well it has to be a html file of course. I'll then create a new html5 skeleton with the help of visual
studio code here and then here I'll name this
Page Not Found,
that sounds like a fitting title
and now you can get of course really creative here,
I will in the end just add an h1 tag where I say Page Not Found,
obviously you can add more content here if you want.
Now I want to return this html file
whenever we make it into this middleware and therefore again, I should send a file here
but obviously I want to construct the path with the help of the path module to make it work on all operating
systems,
so require the path here and then go down there, send and don't send but send a file and that file will
use a path which we construct here with their name
and now here's a gotcha,
we already are in the project folder here because we're in app.js,
so we don't need to go up a level here because we already are in the root folder.
Instead here we can go right away into the views folder and then serve the 404.html file, like this,
we also still want to set this status code because we still have a 404 error.
If you now save this and you enter any random route that doesn't exist, you should see that page not
found being served
and you see that 404 error being sent back too.
So this is now working too and
and this is now a way better, well way of serving this all but styling would also be nice, wouldn't
it?
So let's work on this over the next lectures.